[Music]
there's not um many persian rappers in
this game
my family in iran they're so supportive
they're like oh
romina you're going to be the next
iranian rapper it's gonna be so cool i
love that
[Music]
little mix are like female empowerment
on my makeup because i love all of this
house i wanna show people what i got i
wanna show people that you know with
female rappers we can do it as good as
the males can
baby how you feeling
[Applause]
hey i love it
we're so excited to hear you sing
[Music]
she's a vibe
it all the times i thought that i was
mad got me listening i don't want no
pity getting litty i'm not gonna quit
drinking all the henny frozen he said i
never get this far
cooking up a bang i'll mash it up in my
go yard careful what i say is okay but i
move smart all
i'm on my grind getting high going to
the top i got big hoops the dream
small time magazine nice cars crash
clean movie victory you heard a lot of
talk about the girl who could rule me
mean with the barcelona yeah
[Applause]
yes
that's the new remix yes i'm gonna you
know call her camila oh
i think that i was at your concert me
too oh girls stop it man
thank you so much seriously honestly i
love it you just took control
a minute i loved how you were dancing
you were getting down
you've got great banter as well which i
think in a group you need that person
who's going to lift you up all the time
so i think that's so important
i mean let's not forget that little uh
drop at the beginning
you're such a natural performer even the
way you move like you can just you can
move so well
thank you all right then shall we go to
a voice
yep i think you are marvelous
so obviously it has to be yes
thank you thank you thank you it's a
definite yes from me
thank you so much i feel like we could
literally put you in any group
and it would work so it's a yes from me
thank you so much
you needed three yeses to get through
come on
[Music]
you